Welcome to NUSTutors, your one-stop platform
to find the most suitable tutors for your academic needs.
In this video, we'll guide you through how
to use the various features of our platform.
Let's get started!
First, start by heading over to our website.
There you will find our homepage.
If you already have an account with NUSTutors,
click the Login button on the top right to login.
As a new user, just click on the Sign Up Now
button to sign up for a new account.
Fill in your email address and password and
click Sign Up.
Next, you will be redirected to the Onboarding
page.
This is where you will set up your profile.
You can add your personal details such as
a profile picture, your name, your level and
course of study, your availability and a brief
introduction about yourself to attract potential students.
If you're offering tutoring services, let
us know your availability for sessions, the
subjects you wish to tutor and your hourly
rate, so that prospective students can be
better informed about your capabilities.
Once you're satisfied with your profile, don’t
forget to save your details!
Don’t worry, you can come back to edit your
profile at any time.
After we have saved your profile, you will
then be directed to your personalized dashboard page.
The dashboard page allows you to quickly see
the date, time, and details of each tutoring
session at a glance.
Moreover, it also allows you to modify and
attend sessions.
For now, there aren’t any tutoring sessions
here yet.
So let’s get started on booking your first
tutoring session!
Simply click on the blue “Book a Tutor”
button on the dashboard or the Find Tutors
tab on the Navbar to get started!
You will see our list of available tutors.
Simply browse through our list of tutors and
click the “View Profile” button beside
the tutors whom you are interested in to find
out more about their teaching methods, hourly
rate and availabilities.
When you've found the one that fits your requirements,
hit the "Book Tutor" button beside their name
to start the booking process.
Here, you'll input all the necessary details
for your tutoring session.
Choose the module, date, time, and location
that best fits your schedule and needs.
Once you are done, click on the “Proceed
to Checkout” button.
In the event that the tutor offers free tutoring
sessions, the “Proceed to Checkout” button
will be replaced with a “Book Tutor”
button.
Just click the “Book Tutor” button and your session will
be booked immediately, no payment needed!
After clicking the “Proceed to Checkout”
button, you will see a secure payment gateway
provided by Stripe, a reputable third-party
payment processor.
Just key in your card details and hit Proceed.
Alternatively, you may also opt for a faster,
seamless checkout with PayNow.
Go back to the Dashboard page to see your
new session!
We understand that plans can change, and we've
got you covered!
If you need to make any changes to a booking,
you can do it on the Dashboard page.
Simply head over to your dashboard, locate
the specific booking you wish to modify, click
the ‘Edit” button to start modifying your
session.
Update the necessary details, whether it's
the date, time, or location, and save your changes.
Your booking will be modified immediately.
It's that simple!
When the time comes for your tutoring session,
access your dashboard and locate the booking
you wish to attend.
Click on the "Attend" button beside the session
Once you confirm your attendance, the session
will be marked as attended and removed from
the dashboard, and the payment will be released
to the tutor.
From time to time, we understand that you
might want to update your availability, or
even your course of study or modules you can
teach.
Don’t worry, you can do so using our edit
profile feature.
To get started, simply click on your profile
picture and choose "Profile Settings".
Make the necessary changes to your profile
and click the Save profile button.
Voilà, your profile is updated!
To effortlessly stay on top of your payment
history, simply click on your profile picture
and choose "Payment History."
There, you can see the list that details all
the payments you have made thus far.
Do note that payments for free tutoring sessions
do not show up here.
If you are a tutor, you will see an additional
wallet section where you can withdraw your
earnings to your bank account.
When it's time to call it a day, you can logout
by clicking on your profile picture icon and
selecting “logout”.
To login again, just fill up the login form
with your email address and password!
Once logged in, you will automatically be
redirected to the dashboard page.
Forgotten your password?
Don’t fret, cause we've got you covered!
With just a few simple steps, you can reclaim
access to your account.
To initiate the password recovery process, click on
the "Forgot Password" option on the login page.
Enter the email address linked to your NUSTutors
account, and we'll send you a special email
containing a unique link.
Open that email, click on the provided link,
and you'll be directed to a password reset
page.
Here, you can choose a new password that meets
your preferences.
Once you've set your new password and saved
your changes, you can proceed to the login
page and log in with your new password.
We hope that this video has given you a brief
overview of the features on our platform,
and answered some of your burning questions.
Join us and unlock your academic potential
with NUSTutors today!